# Subjective Feedbacks
### Some comments provided by the participants over the accompanniment system are:

1. The melodies are very similar, and it is difficult to identify the specific melody.
2. The accompaniments for the higher part of the melody is better, but the transitions between music phrases are a bit strange.
3. There are some rhythms not fitted well enough.
4. It's easy to be monotonous, and some pieces have no emotion in them.
5. The generated melodies lack variations and complexity.
6. Only follows the basic melody, is not appriciate enough.
7. The automatic generated accompaniment can fit the given melody, however, the musical quality doesn’t sound well sometimes.
8. For non-composers, if his expectation is not very high, the automatic accompaniment can give a reasonable starting point.
9. Some chords are not harmony at all, sounds like a child playing the piano full of mistakes.
10. Some tunes sounds very messy, which doesn’t feel like it’s a united composition.
11. It should follow the basic rules of composing music. So far I feel it might be very useful in electronic music.
12. It makes sense to some extent. Although it quite easy to recognize, at least the main rhythm is captured.
13. Some pieces are noisy.
14. Sounds too flat, lacking of some diversities to inflame the listener’s passion.
15. Can give a starting point for non-composers, but couldn’t get the non-composers to an advanced stage.
16. The accompaniment has too narrow range and too slow pace compared to the melody.
17. Some principles of generating the accompaniment are worth learning.
18. The music pieces sounded not natural and harmonious enough.
19. The music segments don’t have a major pattern in it. For example, in a real song, there always exists some pattern in it. Mostly, a folk song only needs 4 or 5 chords through all of the song. The generated music assembles the combination of notes.
20. The endings of the music is a bit unexpected, a lot note repetitions in the final piece. But the first piece for this quesiton is pretty good.
21. Not stable enough in the transitions. Some mistakes in the harmonicity and key following. Not giving a clear ending for music phrases.
22. People will get some ideas from the piano roll.

### Some comments on the user study are:

1. I suggest that this system can give a specific accompaniment contrast, which helps people who do not understand music to recognize the quality of the automatic accompaniment system.
2. Some repetitions found in the music segments. also, the music styles everyone like is different, this may influence the result of this user study.
3. The study is interesting.
4. Very interesting! I was surprised when knowing those pieces are automatically generated by computer even though some of those sounds weird to me.
5. Choose the most typical automatic music, because to finish this study really takes time. Sometimes less is more.
6. It would be much better to have variation of stress in the music.
7. You can use more common music pieces so that more people can give you fair comments to the study.
